                      No Warranty Public License

                               Preamble

The author of this software has absolutely no fucking clue why it does
work. It might just not work, or it might fucking work — there is no
third option. If it breaks something, causes your system to implode, or
gives your pet a new existential crisis, that's entirely on you. If it
somehow manages to cause intergalactic warfare or summon eldritch
horrors, consider it a feature, not a bug.

By using this software, you acknowledge that the author, contributors,
and anyone associated with this software are not responsible for
anything that happens as a result of using it. *Anything*. You've been
warned.

     Terms and Conditions for Use, Reproduction, and Distribution

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
subject to the following conditions:

    1. Don't Be a Dick:
       You can do whatever you like with the software, but if you do
       anything that makes you a dick, don't do it. Being a dick
       includes, but is not limited to:

       (a) Outright Copyright Infringement:
           Don't just copy the software and slap your name on it.

       (b) Selling Unmodified Code:
           Don't take the unmodified software, put it in a shiny box,
           and sell it. That's just being a dick.

       (c) Hiding Harmful Content:
           If you modify the software to contain malicious or harmful
           content (like malware), you're officially a PROPER dick.

    2. If You Get Rich:
       If you make a fortune off this software (or its derivatives),
       share the love. You don't have to make a shrine to the original
       creator, but at least buy them a coffee or send them a
       thank-you note. Don't be a dick.

    3. Fix Your Own Problems:
       Code is provided "as is," and if it breaks, you're on your own.
       Don't be the kind of person who uses other people's work and
       then whines when it doesn't do exactly what you want. If you
       encounter a bug or issue, either fix it yourself or submit a
       bug report. A non-dick would contribute the fix back to the
       community by submitting a pull request.

    4. Attribution:
       If you use this code and call it your own, you're a ROYAL dick.
       Attribution is important — if you borrow code, at least give
       credit where it's due. If nothing else, include a comment in
       the code that points back to the original source.

                       Disclaimer of Liability

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR WHIM.

BY USING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL OF THE
FOLLOWING:

    1. Unforeseen Consequences:
       If the software causes fires, floods, spontaneous combustion,
       existential dread, or intergalactic warfare, that's on you.

    2. Hardware Damage:
       If your device explodes, turns into a sentient AI bent on world
       domination, or melts into a puddle of liquid metal, the author
       is not liable.

    3. Software Damage:
       If the software makes your system slow down, forget what it's
       supposed to do, or delete everything, either implicitly or
       explicitly, it's your problem.

    4. Legal Troubles:
       If using this software gets you in trouble with the law or
       causes international incidents, you're on your own.

    5. Financial Loss:
       Whether you lose profits, savings, or make a terrible bet based
       on this software, we take no responsibility in any way, shape
       form or fashion.

                     No Warranty for Use or Outcomes

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS, CONTRIBUTORS, OR
AFFILIATED ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

This includes, but is not limited to, loss of use, data, profits, or
business interruption caused by the use of this software.

                  No Warranty for Intentional Misuse

If you choose to use this software for something obviously dangerous,
like controlling nuclear power plants, operating heavy machinery,
managing life-support systems, or summoning ancient, malevolent
beings, we're not responsible for what happens next. We told you not
to be a dick.

                           Final Agreement

By using this software, you waive any claims, demands, or rights to
litigation against the authors. This includes, but is not limited to,
lawsuits, angry letters, and complaints sent via internet protocol
over avian carriers. If something goes wrong, it's entirely your
responsibility.

Enjoy at your own risk.